and hey guys EFX bro here go ahead and
check out my channel right there or
subscribe right there
and I don't know what this video is
about but it's gonna be awesome
hey guys the effects grow here and this
is a quick VFX breakdown on final cut
Kings hunt for Pikachu video oh so our
friend let us borrow his a kitten it's
about two months old and he's doing real
well we're just in post what we're new
to make the Pokemon effect is pop up her
ears make her eyes a little bit bigger
and darker and then add two red dots on
her face and kind of cue her skin a
little bit more yellow - ready to shoot
though few movie star okay one two three
go high five yeah okay so we just got a
Pikachu you gotta check this guy out
yeah oh my gosh dog okay you're holding
your own hold him okay so looking over
some of the effects seen this video we
started off by painting out the
Pikachu's eyes and making them a look as
though they're full more like the
cartoon Pikachu you've probably seen and
we added the dark eyes with the
reflections we wrote a scope that
Pikachu so that we could change the hue
of Pikachu make them more yellow and
then we added the ears and the red dots
we use footage of Zach saying Pikachu to
help have reference for when animating
his mouth into the Pikachu we did that
all in after-effects and then we add the
cocoa ball shot of course where we use
cinema 4d to first track the shot and
then we comped it in using shadows
reflections and again we just instead of
40 and After Effects
hey is what a tired Pikachu looks like
after a lot of VFX that's a wrap and
then this guy will go hibernate for a
day
I wish have to give at 7 I'm just
kidding I mean Cleo dude I've had the
Zhu Xin here since Thursday Oh ro Oh
throw that I am scared to open it BAM
just instagrammed him good job high five
okay oh yeah and he's gone and where is
he Hey good so we're gonna be posting
detailed tutorials over the next several
months and feel free to subscribe to
this channel in order to be notified
when those tutorials come out and we
going over details on how we got the
eyes to be changed how we got him to do
the mouthing we did some 3d camera
tracking and mocha actually for the
pokeball and then working between cinema
4d mocha and After Effects so go ahead
and hit the subscribe button if you want
to be notified when those come out until
next time take care